c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.deps.json
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.dll
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.pdb
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.dll
c:\users\jonathan\source\repos\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.deps.json
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.pdb
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.dll
C:\Users\Jonathan\Desktop\Virtual Pet\Virtual Pet\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Virtual Pet.pdb
